Feat(Mesh): Policies introduction (#4967)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/mesh/policies-introduction.md

Every policy follows the same pattern:

* Target: which workloads the policy applies to (`targetRef`)
* Direction: whether it controls outbounds (`to`) or inbounds (`rules`)
* Behavior: the actual configuration (`default`) applied to the traffic

For example, this is a policy that configures timeouts:

```yaml
type: MeshTimeout
name: my-app-timeout
mesh: default
spec:
  targetRef: # Target: the policy applies only to workloads with label `app: my-app`
    kind: Dataplane
    labels:
      app: my-app
  to: # Direction: the policy applies to outbound listeners for the `database` MeshService
    - targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: database
        namespace: database-ns
        sectionName: "443"
      default: # Behavior: the policy sets connection and idle timeouts
        connectionTimeout: 10s
        idleTimeout: 30m
```

## Policy roles

Depending on where a policy is created (in an application namespace, the system namespace, or on the global control plane)
and how its schema is structured, {{ site.mesh_product_name }} assigns it a policy role.

> A policy's role determines how it's synchronized in multi-zone deployments and how it's prioritized when multiple policies overlap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A policy's role determines:
* How it's synchronized for each policy in multi-zone deployments.
* How it's prioritized when multiple policies overlap.
```

{{ site.mesh_product_name }} then applies it automatically to the outbounds of client workloads.
This lets backend owners publish sensible defaults (timeouts, retries, limits) for consumers,
while individual clients can still refine those settings with their own [consumer](#consumer-policies) policies.

The following policy tells {{ site.mesh_product_name }} to apply 3 retries with a backoff from `15s` to `1m`
on 5xx errors to any client calling `backend`:

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: MeshRetry
metadata:
  namespace: backend-ns # created in the backend's namespace
  name: backend-producer-timeouts
spec:
  targetRef:
    kind: Mesh # any caller
  to:
    - targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: backend
        namespace: backend-ns # same namespace as the policy (producer rule)
      default:
        numRetries: 3
        backOff:
          baseInterval: 15s
          maxInterval: 1m
        retryOn:
          - 5xx
```

### Consumer policies

Consumer policies let service owners adjust how their workloads call other services.

> They are created in the client's namespace and applied to that client's outbounds.

Reviewer: Who creates them?

This way, the service owner can fine-tune retries, timeouts, or other settings for the calls their workloads make.

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: MeshRetry
metadata:
  namespace: frontend-ns # created in the namespace of a client
  name: backend-consumer-timeouts
spec:
  targetRef:
    kind: Mesh # any caller, but only in 'frontend-ns' since consumer policies are always scoped to the namespace of origin
  to:
    - targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: backend
        namespace: backend-ns # different namespace from the policy (consumer rule)
      default:
        numRetries: 0
```

### Workload-owner policies

Workload-owner policies let service owners configure their own workload's proxies.

> They are created in the workload's namespace and control how proxies handle inbound traffic,

Reviewer: Same here, who creates them?

Workload-owner policies either have `spec.rules` for inbound traffic configuration:

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: MeshTrafficPermission
metadata:
  namespace: backend-ns # created in the namespace of a server
  name: backend-permissions
spec:
  targetRef:
    kind: Dataplane
    labels:
      app: backend
  rules:
    - default:
        deny:
          - spiffeID:
              type: Exact
              value: spiffe://trust-domain.mesh/ns/default/sa/legacy
        allow:
          - spiffeID:
              type: Prefix
              value: spiffe://trust-domain.mesh/
```

Or only `spec.default` for proxy-level features like metrics and tracing:

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: MeshMetric
metadata:
  name: otel-metrics-delegated
  namespace: backend-ns
spec:
  default:
    sidecar:
      profiles:
        appendProfiles:
          - name: All
    backends:
      - type: OpenTelemetry
        openTelemetry:
          endpoint: opentelemetry-collector.mesh-observability.svc:4317
          refreshInterval: 30s
```

### System policies

System policies provide mesh-wide defaults managed by platform operators.

> Any policy can be a system policy as long as it's created in the system namespace (`{{ site.mesh_namespace }}` by default) on either a zone control plane or the global control plane.

Reviewer: Same, who creates the policy?

* `targetRef.namespace` is optional and defaults to the namespace of the policy.
* System policies must always use `targetRef.labels`.
* When supported by the target resource, `sectionName` may reference a specific section rather than the entire resource (for example, `MeshService`, `MeshMultiZoneService`, `Dataplane`).
* `sectionName` is resolved by first matching a section name, and if no match is found, by interpreting it as a numeric port value (if the port name is unset).

The set of valid `targetRef.kind` values is the same across all policies:

<!-- vale off -->
{% table %}
columns:
  - title: "Field"
    key: field
  - title: "Available Kinds"
    key: kinds
rows:
  - field: "`spec.targetRef`"
    kinds: |
      * `Mesh`
      * `Dataplane`
  - field: "`spec.to[].targetRef`"
    kinds: |
      * `MeshService`
      * `MeshMultiZoneService`
      * `MeshExternalService`
      * `MeshHTTPRoute` (if the policy supports per-route configuration)
{% endtable %}
<!-- vale on -->

> ## How policies are combined

Reviewer: `How you combine policies` would be clearer if the user takes action.
